# 242. Valid Anagram
Easy

Given two strings s and t, return true if t is an anagram of s, and false otherwise.

An Anagram is a word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of a different word or phrase, typically using all the original letters exactly once.

 

Example 1:
```
Input: s = "anagram", t = "nagaram"
Output: true
```
Example 2:
```
Input: s = "rat", t = "car"
Output: false
 ```

Constraints:

- 1 <= s.length, t.length <= 5 * 104
- s and t consist of lowercase English letters.
 
For each character in the same position in s and t:

Increase count for s
Decrease count for t

So by the end:

If both strings have the same characters with the same frequency, the net result in chars will be all zeros.

for(int n : chars) {
    if(n != 0)
        return false;
}
If any count is not zero, then the strings are not perfect anagrams.

🔄 What This Loop Does
It increases and decreases the same positions:
For every character in s, you add 1 at the index for that letter.

For every character in t, you subtract 1 at the index for that letter.

If both strings have:
The same letters
The same frequencies

Then every +1 will be perfectly canceled by a -1.

```java
class Solution {
    public boolean isAnagram(String s, String t) {
        if(s.length() != t.length())
            return false;
        
        int[] chars = new int[26];
        
        for(int i = 0; i < s.length(); i++) {
            chars[s.charAt(i)-'a']++;
            chars[t.charAt(i)-'a']--;
        }
            
        //
        for(int n : chars) {
            if(n != 0)
                return false;
        }
        
        return true;
    }
}
```

### Follow up: What if the inputs contain Unicode characters? How would you adapt your solution to such a case?
We can be used a map, or a array of size equal to the characterset size of unicode.



/*

void dfs(int r, int c) {
    if (out of bounds or invalid) return;

    mark visited / fill;

    dfs(up);
    dfs(down);
    dfs(left);
    dfs(right);
}

*/